Some general formatting fixes (punctuation, backticks, etc.) (#172)
jupyterlite/jupyterlite-sphinx: docs/configuration.md

options described above.

This is an advanced feature and users are responsible for providing sensible command line options.

> The standard precedence between `jupyter lite build` CLI options and other means of configuration applies.

Author: This is better read as "The standard precedence (between `jupyter lite build` CLI options and other means of configuration) applies"; therefore, "precedence" as a singular noun should be accompanied with a plural predicate.

Author: Ah, that makes sense, too!

> The standard precedence between `jupyter lite build` CLI options and other means of configuration applies.

Author: ```suggestion
The standard precedence rules between `jupyter lite build` CLI options and other means of configuration apply.
```

Reviewer: I think either your first suggestion, or my second one is fine, so pick what you like best.

Author: Picked yours and committed it!
